Update s3.md (#39312)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/destinations/s3.md

<!-- env:cloud -->

:::note

> Currently, this feature is available only for the users in a Sales Assist workflow. Please contact your Solutions Engineer if you are interested in using this.

Reviewer: Could we actually point them to the Talk to Sales form? They are not necessarily going to be actively talking with Sales already.
https://airbyte.com/company/talk-to-sales

Author: @nataliekwong let me know if the updated on is better.

> Currently, this feature is available only for the users in a Sales Assist workflow. Please [contact the Sales team](https://airbyte.com/company/talk-to-sales) if you are interested in using this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
S3 authentication using an IAM role member must be enabled by a member of the Airbyte team. If you'd like to use this feature, please [contact the Sales team](https://airbyte.com/company/talk-to-sales) for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: I think "users in the Sales Assist workflow" reads like a sales jargon phrase. Rewording to avoid that phrase would be more user-centric.

Author: this sounds way better. I think we still need @nataliekwong to approve
